[MRG] GaussianMixture with BIC/AIC (#19562)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/mixture.rst

Mixture in an efficient way. In theory, it recovers the true number of
components only in the asymptotic regime (i.e. if much data is available and
assuming that the data was actually generated i.i.d. from a mixture of Gaussian
distribution). Automatically selecting the best Gaussian Mixture model based on
BIC can be achieved via :class:`GaussianMixtureIC`. It compares models of different
initializations and parameters such as the number of components and selects the

> one with the lowest BIC. Note that using a
> :ref:`Variational Bayesian Gaussian mixture <bgmm>` avoids the specification
> of the number of components for a Gaussian mixture model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one with the lowest BIC. Note that the AIC can also be used and that using a
:ref:`Variational Bayesian Gaussian mixture <bgmm>` avoids the specification
of the number of components for a Gaussian mixture model.
```

> one with the lowest BIC. Note that using a
> :ref:`Variational Bayesian Gaussian mixture <bgmm>` avoids the specification
> of the number of components for a Gaussian mixture model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one with the lowest BIC. Note that the AIC can also be used.

Furthermore, a :ref:`Variational Bayesian Gaussian mixture <bgmm>`
don't necessitate a number of components for a Gaussian 
mixture model to be provided.
```
